Release note for PT-165993503 (#2427)
aeternity/aeternity: docs/release-notes/next/PT-165993503-fix_bug_in_min_gas_price.md

> * Fixes the mempool minimum fee (configured by miner) entrancy check for contract transactions, they incorrectly included the

Reviewer: I see this follows https://github.com/aeternity/aeternity/pull/2424/files#r283872416

> * Fixes the mempool minimum fee (configured by miner) entrancy check for contract transactions, they incorrectly included the

Reviewer: 🤔 fee or gas price?
```suggestion
* Fixes the mempool minimum gas price (configured by miner) entrancy check for contract transactions, they incorrectly included the
```
